funerals have been held in the occupied
West Bank for six Palestinians they were
killed in an Israeli drone strike on the
North shamps refugee camp near
taram soldiers prevented ambulances from
reaching the site Israeli forces also
detained 14 Palestinians across the
occupied West Bank on Wednesday Imran
Khan has more from the Norms refugee
camp the raid in noam's Camp began
around midnight it was the second raid
in 24 hours hours now at 1:30 in the
morning there were a group of men
between the ages of 17 and 29 who were
just stood here they were watching The
Raid and then an Israeli drone strike
came in from that direction hitting the
ground over here you can see the crater
here that's where the Drone strike hit
you can see the
shrapnel over here on the wall now we've
just been speaking to a paramedic who
described what he saw he was the first
person on on the
scene I arrived at the place after
hearing the first bombing it was the
biggest crime where the explosion
occurred we found the men lying
everywhere they were all our friends and
brothers the injuries were from shrapnel
from the missile one of the young men
had his hand cut off and the other had
his foot cut off they were all young men
and civilians the occupation does not
differentiate between civilians and
Military
you can see the blood on the ground
there that's where the paramedic was
trying to help the people now the
Israelis stopped ambulances coming in
for about an hour and a half eventually
they had to pick up the men and take
them down to where the ambulances were
but that's not the only significant
incident that happened we've been
hearing from a paramedic who's told us
that an Israeli soldier walked into his
ambulance and stabbed a Palestinian man
in the neck whilst he was on an
ambulance a stretcher
um you've asked him if he wanted to
appear on camera and recount his
incident but he's said no he's fearful
of reprisals we've not seen something
like that before an Israeli entering an
Israeli soldier entering an ambulance
and stabbing somebody in the neck Imran
Khan Al jazer nor Shams Camp the
occupied West Bank